Prepared files and menu for demos subsection in tutorials section (#60)
micro-ROS/micro-ROS.github.io: _docs/tutorials/demos/kobuki_demo/index.md

---
title: Kobuki Demo
permalink: /docs/tutorials/demos/kobuki_demo/
redirect_from: /docs/tutorials/demos/
---

The micro-ROS Kobuki Demo illustrates the use of micro-ROS on the Kobuki platform, which is the mobile base of the well-known Turtlebot 2 research robot.

> The basic idea and working principle of this demo is as follows: Instead of a laptop running ROS, the Kobuki is equipped with a STM32 F4 microcontroller only. This STM32 F4 runs the micro-ROS stack and a port of the [thin_kobuki driver](https://github.com/Lab-RoCoCo/thin_drivers), which interacts with the robot's firmware (which runs on a built-in microcontroller). The STM32 F4 communicates the sensor data via DDS-XRCE to a remote laptop running a standard ROS 2 stack, the micro-ROS agent and rviz. At the same time, using the other direction of communication, the Kobuki can be remote-controlled.

Reviewer: In my opininion this needs to be changed: STM32 F4 => STM32F4

> The basic idea and working principle of this demo is as follows: Instead of a laptop running ROS, the Kobuki is equipped with a STM32 F4 microcontroller only. This STM32 F4 runs the micro-ROS stack and a port of the [thin_kobuki driver](https://github.com/Lab-RoCoCo/thin_drivers), which interacts with the robot's firmware (which runs on a built-in microcontroller). The STM32 F4 communicates the sensor data via DDS-XRCE to a remote laptop running a standard ROS 2 stack, the micro-ROS agent and rviz. At the same time, using the other direction of communication, the Kobuki can be remote-controlled.

Author: ```suggestion
The basic idea and working principle of this demo is as follows: Instead of a laptop running ROS, the Kobuki is equipped with a STM32 F4 microcontroller only. This STM32 F4 runs the micro-ROS stack and a port of the [thin_kobuki driver](https://github.com/Lab-RoCoCo/thin_drivers), which interacts with the robot's firmware (which runs on a built-in microcontroller). The STM32F4 communicates the sensor data via DDS-XRCE to a remote laptop running a standard ROS 2 stack, the micro-ROS agent and rviz. At the same time, using the other direction of communication, the Kobuki can be remote-controlled.
```

> The basic idea and working principle of this demo is as follows: Instead of a laptop running ROS, the Kobuki is equipped with a STM32 F4 microcontroller only. This STM32 F4 runs the micro-ROS stack and a port of the [thin_kobuki driver](https://github.com/Lab-RoCoCo/thin_drivers), which interacts with the robot's firmware (which runs on a built-in microcontroller). The STM32 F4 communicates the sensor data via DDS-XRCE to a remote laptop running a standard ROS 2 stack, the micro-ROS agent and rviz. At the same time, using the other direction of communication, the Kobuki can be remote-controlled.

Author: ```suggestion
The basic idea and working principle of this demo is as follows: Instead of a laptop running ROS, the Kobuki is equipped with a STM32F4 microcontroller only. This STM32F4 runs the micro-ROS stack and a port of the [thin_kobuki driver](https://github.com/Lab-RoCoCo/thin_drivers), which interacts with the robot's firmware (which runs on a built-in microcontroller). The STM32F4 communicates the sensor data via DDS-XRCE to a remote laptop running a standard ROS 2 stack, the micro-ROS agent and rviz. At the same time, using the other direction of communication, the Kobuki can be remote-controlled.
```
